index.md, before:

---
layout: home
faq: [
  [
    "What is a hackathon?",
    "A hackathon is best described as an 'invention marathon'. Anyone of any skill level is welcome to come and invent anything. If you want to build an iOS game, an IOT sticker vending machine, or even the next big social network, come to HackUTA!"
  ],
  [
  "How can I register for parking?",
  "<a href='https://uta.nupark.com/events/Events/Register/50748480-ef1e-4cc9-86fb-402b355576a9'>Register for parking permit here</a>"

  ],
  [
    "What can I make?",
    "Whatever your heart desires! A website, an app, a video game with super VR features, a robot that gives people high fives, the list goes on. Your project will be judged based off its creativity, innovation, coolness factor and technical skills involved."
  ],
  [
    "Can I submit previous work?",
    "Do not cheapen the HackUTA experience by submitting any previous work or class assignments. Doing so will disqualify your team from final judging and awards."
  ],
  [
    "Who can attend?",
    "Any college student is eligible for HackUTA. Any experience, any background, any education, any text editor, you're welcome to attend!"
  ],
  [
    "Can I work with a team?",
    "Yes, teams can be up to 4 people. If you don't have a team yet, we'll help you find one! You can do it alone, but it's not as fun."
  ],
  [
    "What if I don't have experience?",
    "That is 100% okay! We will have several workshops, mentors and even skilled students to help you out! We just want you to have fun and build something cool."
  ],
  [
    "What should I bring?",
    "Bring a valid student ID, yourself and anything to contribute to your hack. This includes a laptop, charger, mouse, keyboard, and your five 27\" monitors if you wanna be THAT kid."
  ],
  [
    "Code of Conduct",
    "Just do the thing your parents always told you to do. Treat others as you want to be treated. <a href='https://static.mlh.io/docs/mlh-code-of-conduct.pdf' target='_blank'>Read me</a>"
  ],
  [
    "I have more questions",
    "Email us at <a href='mailto:hackuta.team@gmail.com'>hackuta.team@gmail.com</a>, and we will reply as soon as we can!"
  ]
]
---
{% include header.html %}
{% include intro.html %}
{% include faq.html %}
{% include map.html %}
{% include sponsors.html %}
{% include footer.html %}

Commit message:

Added prizes link to FAQ

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
faq: [
  [
    "What is a hackathon?",
    "A hackathon is best described as an 'invention marathon'. Anyone of any skill level is welcome to come and invent anything. If you want to build an iOS game, an IOT sticker vending machine, or even the next big social network, come to HackUTA!"
  ],
  [
  "How can I register for parking?",
  "<a href='https://uta.nupark.com/events/Events/Register/50748480-ef1e-4cc9-86fb-402b355576a9'>Register for parking permit here</a>"

  ],
  [
    "What can I make?",
    "Whatever your heart desires! A website, an app, a video game with super VR features, a robot that gives people high fives, the list goes on. Your project will be judged based off its creativity, innovation, coolness factor and technical skills involved."
  ],
  [
    "Can I submit previous work?",
    "Do not cheapen the HackUTA experience by submitting any previous work or class assignments. Doing so will disqualify your team from final judging and awards."
  ],
  [
    "Who can attend?",
    "Any college student is eligible for HackUTA. Any experience, any background, any education, any text editor, you're welcome to attend!"
  ],
  [
    "Can I work with a team?",
    "Yes, teams can be up to 4 people. If you don't have a team yet, we'll help you find one! You can do it alone, but it's not as fun."
  ],
  [
    "What if I don't have experience?",
    "That is 100% okay! We will have several workshops, mentors and even skilled students to help you out! We just want you to have fun and build something cool."
  ],
  [
    "What should I bring?",
    "Bring a valid student ID, yourself and anything to contribute to your hack. This includes a laptop, charger, mouse, keyboard, and your five 27\" monitors if you wanna be THAT kid."
  ],
  ["What prizes can I win?",
  "Check out the prizes you can win<a href='https://hack.mlh.io/prizes/' target='_blank'> here</a> "
  ],
  [
    "Code of Conduct",
    "Just do the thing your parents always told you to do. Treat others as you want to be treated. <a href='https://static.mlh.io/docs/mlh-code-of-conduct.pdf' target='_blank'>Read me</a>"
  ],
  [
    "I have more questions",
    "Email us at <a href='mailto:hackuta.team@gmail.com'>hackuta.team@gmail.com</a>, and we will reply as soon as we can!"
  ]
]
---
{% include header.html %}
{% include intro.html %}
{% include faq.html %}
{% include map.html %}
{% include sponsors.html %}
{% include footer.html %}
